hello with you and the mountains and the most
attentive viewers noticed that in
latest videos on my desktop
iphone there were icons halls beech and
itunes radio which is rumored to
appear in with 8 presentation which
will take place on June 2
we remind that here on the channel will be
live event broadcast immediately after
the end of the presentation will play a couple
tens probably making gea de
device kant developer to my
find subscribers for sure find out for sure
could one of the first to install a new one
ios from apple and link to broadcast you
see on the screen so go on
open add to favorites it
I welcome you on June 2 but bring
presentations remain exactly one month therefore
while I tell you how to set icons on
in fact, everything is extremely simple for
start go to the special page on
address horrified with dot com slash with 8 with
Your ios device link is in
description under this video and choose from
galleries the icon that you need and and
Tap on it
here is available as expected icons from with
8 and some others like google
play sitting in front of us appears
instructions for installing the icon and
it is written what to do next but still
let's tell palm trees already took up
this thing further tap on the icon
add home to the screen and click
ready and we immediately appear
selected hong kong desktop and here
so that's all just of course because this
the icon is essentially saved
no practical reference
functional she carries
and if we did it on it we get to
page on the site with instructions for
installation removes the icon as well
like any iphone app
enough for keeping a finger on a couple
seconds on the icon and click the cross in
principle in so here is prosaic and just
on this i have all subscribe to
channel put likes join in may
contact and facebook follow me in
twitter in instagram listen to the podcast in
itunes
see you soon